Adding Code of Conduct (#178)
kedacore/http-add-on: CONTRIBUTING.md

git commit -sm "one commit on <branch-name>"
git push --force
```

### Code of Conduct

> This project has a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md), which everybody involved must follow. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with this document.

Reviewer: Let's point to our code of conduct instead, in case we extend it.
```suggestion
This project has a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kedacore/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), which everybody involved must follow. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with this document.
```

Author: @tomkerkhove done
